Add CI actions for packaging build artifacts (#9)
cloudflare/app-relay-client-library: README.md

Running `cargo build --release` will build the library for the current platform, and library files will appear in `./target/release/`

> ## Releaseing new version
> 
> Create [new release](https://github.com/cloudflare/app-relay-client-library/releases/new) with version number starting from letter `v` ie `v1.0.0`.
> Github action will upload release artifacts to release page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Releasing new versions

New versions and their corresponding artifacts are done by creating a [new release](https://github.com/cloudflare/app-relay-client-library/releases/new) with version number starting from letter `v` ie `v1.0.0`. A GitHub action will upload relevant release artifacts to release page.
```
